# YWCC-307-Group-Project
*Meeting minutes and Presentation for CryptoCurrency Topic*

# Meeting 1 (10/08/24) - Minutes:
We'll be attempting to tackle the CryptoCurrency topic.
Some of our interests aligned with the topic and compared to the other topics, it seemed like the best choice.
We decided to make a group chat to cultivate team relations and ideas.
Then we decided to put a pin in it until next class.

# Meeting 2 (10/22/24) - Minutes:
We spoke on me accidentally eMailing the professor for the AI topic instead of the CryptoCurrency topic.
Then Victoria ended up sending a clarification eMail in reply..
Victoria created the template for the presentation.
ACTION ITEM: Team does research on topics and begin to populate slide template.
ACTION ITEM: Tairi volunteered to make Github Repository & refine slide template.
ACTION ITEM: Sam & Toby will continue to do their topic-specific research.
